Relocate APM Server getting started content (#2410)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/index.md

## Give Elastic APM a try [give_elastic_apm_a_try]

> Want to quickly spin up an APM deployment? Refer to [Get started for APM](/solutions/observability/apm/get-started.md). To host everything yourself instead, use [Fleet-managed APM Server](/solutions/observability/apm/apm-server-fleet-managed.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Want to quickly spin up an APM deployment? Refer to [Get started for APM](/solutions/observability/apm/get-started.md). To host everything yourself instead, refer to [Set up APM Server](/solutions/observability/apm/apm-server-setup.md).
```

> Use [Get started with application traces and APM](/solutions/observability/apm/apm-server-fleet-managed.md) to quickly spin up an APM deployment. Want to host everything yourself instead? See [Get started](/solutions/observability/apm/get-started.md).

Reviewer: I would leave this link as it is: the aim of #2310 was to focus the APM main get started on Serverless, and pointing them to APM Server with Fleet breaks that.
